---
layout: post
title:  "Dummy Post 6"
date:   2015-04-19 08:43:59
author: Ben Centra
categories: Dummy
tags: lorem ipsum
---

I don't know why but it seems like something got really fucked with Czech society during their communistic times. Maybe it is just how Eastern European culture is. 

## People in General

I do not understand how and why they became so cold. Nobody smiles towards strangers, no one is happy to have a chat. People are always in bad mood somehow. They won't even say an extra word on the tram when asking for a seat or making small talk in any situation. Small talk doesn't really exist, does it? 

### Ignorance

I am not sure how but it looks like while Czechia is thrust into the modern age due to its contact with the world, it still has no idea about where culture ends and where religion begins. It doesn't know where ethnicity starts and where national identities begin. They think wearing a certain type of outfit is "Islamic" and not Middle-Eastern or North African. They think wearing hair color is about being gay but fail to consider that the person might just be a Berliner. Their Xenophobia is never expressed harshly or by shouting, so I am very grateful for that but it is always subtly present. Subtle how? Well they don't sit next to people who don't look white or next to people who are not like them in general. If you want to have the seat to yourself, breaking some social norms with piercing, outfit, or hair color should be enough. Brown or Black skin wins this competition ofcourse. Combined with the closed nature of people and their inability to have small conversations with strangers, it boils down to them awkwardly staring at someone who doesn't fit instead of approaching them with questions because they are curious. Are they curious? They must be. It is human nature. But, do I do a better job at this instead of complaining? In this country, no, I don't feel comfortable in doing so either. Maybe I have become Czech too. But, the least they could do is smile at people for wearing their fancy colorful ethnic wear that bedazzled the tram that is usually filled with dark shades of black, blue, or brown. That brings me to fashion sense. 

### Fashion Sense

Why do they never wear bright colors and showcase their energy or their mood? I have no idea. Their winter clothes make the already dull Prague streets look morose. Their fashion sense is also about fitting in and not standing out. Everyone wears the same basic thing and people just want to buy whatever is popular. I don't know if this has to do with Communism but I am not from here and so I cannot answer that. Am I the only man wearing Pink when I feel good or something bright when I want to beat my winter blues? 

Oh yes let's also talk about Masculinity and Feminity. 

### Genders

How did we get to the point where Masculinity defines the humans who identify as Men? Shouldn't the Men define the Masculinity? Men here don't smile, don't express, don't weep, don't show affection. What happened to hugs by the way? These men have no idea how to express themselves in a loving fashion to their friends and family. Cold blocks of icy granite is an apt comparison to be made, if you ask me. They have a hard time dancing a little when they are excited, most of them don't use too many words. This has affected Women too. The dominance of Patriarchy has left Women un-ambitious, "family-oriented", submissive, and objects of abuse. Whenever I have been on dates, they are surprised by how nicely I treated them. I am sorry, you left my house at 1 AM, I just wanted to know if you made it home okay. One of them told me she was surprised that I was upset because she cancelled the date. She said that she expected to be one of five women I was talking to so nothing that she did would ever upset me because I did not give a fuck about her. Ofcourse if the woman wants to focus on her family, good for her. Choices are the path to happiness but making them believe that they are here to raise a family and submit to a man is not fair game. Another example? Most of the women don't have male friends when they are dating. How insecure are these men that the women are dating? But that's only a small slice of the problem. Opposite genders are not friends with each other here. Wait why? Well, I think it is because Women cannot stand to have friends whose range of expression is as wide as a glass of water. But they can stand to spend their lives with these men because they have been probably conditioned to take care of them and love them for who they are. Providers, care-takers, and tough fathers in the future. But the gender norms are truly fucked if you ask me. 

The gays are having all the fun in this country. I am very glad for them. 

